h1. TYPO3 boilerplate

The TYPO3 boilerplate is inspired by the HTML5 boilerplate in combination with the CSS Framework "YAML":http://www.yaml.de/en/home.html and the idea of Responsive Web Design.

It contains all standard files to create a new project and could be use instead of the TYPO3 dummy package.

h2. How to use

h3. Optional SASS integration

If you want to use SASS, you will find all needed files in a special SASS folder (/fileadmin/styles/sitename(css/sass). The main SASS file style.scss contains a predefined set of variables (different colors and font sizes used in _content.scss) and includes additional files.
More information about how to use SASS: "SASS Tutorial":http://sass-lang.com/tutorial.html

The best way to create the final style.css file is to watch the whole SASS directory:
Use the terminal and navigate to your templates folder (here /fileadmin/styles/sitename/). Than use:
*sass --watch css/sass:css*

This command will write a complete style.css file in your css directory by including all other SASS files. Keep in mind, that you have to reset the image paths from ../../images/mypic.jpg to ../images/mypic.jpg in your SASS files, because they are not imported with @import like the normal YAML way did.

h3. Dependencies

*TYPO3 Extensions:*

* "HTML5 charset-metatag - html5meta_t3lib_pagerenderer":http://typo3.org/extensions/repository/view/html5meta_t3lib_pagerenderer/current/: For a valid HTML5 charset-metatag
* "TemplaVoila - templavoila":http://typo3.org/extensions/repository/view/templavoila/current/: Modern template enginge
* "Page Title Changer - mf_pagetitle":http://typo3.org/extensions/repository/view/mf_pagetitle/current/: Create a better page title with keywords

h2. Versions

* HTML5 boilerplate 2.0
* YAML 3.3.1
* jQuery 1.6.2

h2. Changelog
* *2011-11-03:* CSS files as SASS-files too (in css/sass folder), Bugfix in content.css, special IE patches (hm_iepngfix for lte IE6 and CSS3Pie for IE lt 9), .htaccess for better browser caching and using of gzip, standard FCE icons in fce folder, including YAML focusfix in plugins.js, including Paul Irishs "console.log":paulirish.com/2009/log-a-lightweight-wrapper-for-consolelog/, add the typo3 default JavaScript to an external file (in mylibs)

h2. Thanks to

* Paul Irish ("HTML5 boilerplate":http://html5boilerplate.com/)
* Dirk Jesse ("YAML":http://www.yaml.de/en/home.html)
* Andy Clarke ("Hardboiled Web Design":http://hardboiledwebdesign.com/)
* Ethan Marcotte ("Article about Responsive Web Design":http://www.alistapart.com/articles/responsive-web-design/, "Responsive Web Design book":http://www.abookapart.com/products/responsive-web-design)